ci: add OSV validator for `json` files (#2)
aquasecurity/vuln-list-aqua: vulns/vulns.md

# vulns

> The `vulns` directory contains advisories in [OSV][osv] format added by Aquasecurity.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
The `vulns` directory contains advisories in [OSV][osv] format added by Aqua Security.
```
